# This is for assignment purposes
You will need Wampserver to load our project. You could refer to the Installation file to download Wampserver to your computer.

# 1. How to use our website?
In the home page, users can preview all the products in our GoBook web application. If the user wants to purchase our product, the user can add the product to cart but the precondition is the user must have a valid account first. 
# 2. How to create an account?
The user can login if he or she has an account registered, if not he or she has to register an account. By clicking the avatar image in the home page, a pop up login page will appear. If the user is a first-time user and no account was registered, the user can click on the register link below the login form to help them access the register page. After access to the register page, users can key-in some personal information to create their own GoBook account. If the user succeeds in creating an account, a pop up message will appear to indicate the account was created successfully. The “Login” navigation will be provided below the register page. The users who already have their own Go Book account can key-in the email and password in the login page to login into their Go Book account. If login is successful, a pop-up message will appear. The “forget password” button will also be provided below the login form. If the user forgets the password,  by clicking the button, it will navigate to the password reset page. In the password reset page, provided email fields and new password fields for users to fill in.
# 3. What's in our website? 
Our product is separated into three categories which are Historical Fiction, Kids and Manga. The search function in the homepage will help users to search the reading material as they wish. Users will only need to key in the keywords of the reading materials, the system will show the related book to users. When users click the image of the book in the homepage, the details of the book such as description, author and price will show to users. If  the user is interested, he or she can input the quantity they need and click the “Add to Cart” button to add the item to their cart. If successful, a pop up message will appear.
# 4. How to use contact us page?
 In the contact us page, login is not required. To drop your enquiry, user must key in some required information such as name, phone number, email and select some required selection such as salutation and type of enquiry. After the user drops the message, by clicking the “Submit” button below, the contact us form will be submitted. After submitting, it will direct to the page that shows the message “Thank you for your enquiry.”, then turn back to the homepage.
# 5. How to use cart page?
Login is required, if not user is unable to click on view my cart. In my cart page, users can see the item that they add to cart on the home page. Users can also edit the quantity of the item in my cart page if they need to increase or decrease the quantity of the items. The total price of the items that are purchased by users will show in this page. After the user checks, they can click the “Proceed to Checkout” button and access the payment page. In the payment page, users must key in some necessary information and select the payment method, then click the “Check Out” button. The message “ Your order has been sent.” will appear if the payment is successful.
# 6. How to log out?
 Click the “Logout” button inside the avatar. Then, the user's account will be logged out, the user needs to key in email and password if he/she needs to login their account again.
# 7. How to edit profile
“Edit Profile” button is also provided inside the avatar if the user needs to update their profile. Click the button to access the My profile page. Users can key in the new name, phone, dob and password in the fields and click the “Update Profile” button below the form to update their profile details. If updated successfully, message “Profile updated successfully” will be displayed and turned back to home page, else error message “Error updating profile” will appear.
